JIAXUAN XUE
705142227
1.
The network is still secure.
SSH (Secure Shell) uses both symmetric and asymmetric encryption
By simply observing all the bytes going across the network, the 
others will not gather information about our private key, which
 means they cannot decrypt the message encrypted by our public key, 
so other teams won't pass the user authentication. 
(1)
The network is also secure. Even if other teams obtained my team's
 keystrokes, they would only know about the passphrase of our 
private key. However, as long as they don't have access to our 
local private key, they still cannot decrypt the message encrypted
 by our public key.
(2)
The network is not secure. If the other teams temporarily had 
physical control of the USB, they will have the access to all the 
files in the server, including file under the .ssh directory, 
especially the private and public key for the client, so they can 
now easily decrypt all of messages with the private key and then 
pass the user authentication. 

2.
Receiver decrypts the digital signature using the sender’s public
 key to obtain the message digest generated by the sender and use 
the same message digest algorithm used by the sender to generate a 
message digest of the received message. gpg --verify will only 
compare the message digests (the one sent by the sender as a 
digital signature, and the one generated by the receiver) to verify
 signatures. So it will not verify the original author of the file.
 However, if any third parties intercept the file and modified it,
 then use their own private key to encrypt a new digital signature 
and sent it with the new file message and its public key. They can
 still match and pass the verification if we try to decrypt with 
their public key.
One way to fix this problem is to introduce a third party, 
maybe Certificate Authority, to keep track of all the file messages 
and digital signatures and only send the creator's public key to 
trusted authorized teams so that they will always have a correct 
public key to decrypt the signature and verify.



